update changelog 1.7 (#1015)
AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web: changelog.md

1.7.0
==========
### New Features:

> **Not sure what to put here about the tool**. See issue [#954](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/954), and [977](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/977).

Author: ```suggestion
**msidentity-app-sync is a command line tool that creates Microsoft identity platform applications in a tenant (AAD or B2C)** and updates the configuration code of your ASP.NET Core applications (mvc, webapp, blazorwasm, blazorwasm hosted, blazorserver). The tool can also be used to update code from an existing AAD/AAD B2C application. See issue [#954](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/954), and [977](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/977).
```

> **msidentity-app-sync is a command line tool that creates Microsoft identity platform applications in a tenant (AAD or B2C)** and updates the configuration code of your ASP.NET Core applications (mvc, webapp, blazorwasm, blazorwasm hosted, blazorserver). The tool can also be used to update code from an existing AAD/AAD B2C application. See issue [#954](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/954), and [977](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/977).

Author: ```suggestion
**msidentity-app-sync is a command line tool that creates Microsoft identity platform applications in a tenant (AAD or B2C)** and updates the configuration code of your ASP.NET Core applications (mvc, webapp, blazorwasm, blazorwasm hosted, blazorserver). The tool can also be used to update code from an existing AAD/AAD B2C application. See https://aka.ms/msidentity-app-sync for details. See issue [#954](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/954), and [977](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/977).
```
